{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red37\green37\blue37;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c19216\c19216\c19216;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14140\viewh16660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \'93This training definitely deepened my existing knowledge of using EMDR with children.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \'93Lee was incredibly knowledgeable and created a relaxed, welcoming atmosphere\'97even in an online format. Chloe was equally supportive and brought a unique and enriching dimension to the training.\'94\
\'93I really valued the diversity of professional experience in the group. Being with colleagues who had different skills and perspectives enhanced the overall learning.\'94\
\'93A truly helpful and practical addition to my existing practice. The course content complemented my work beautifully.\'94\
\'93The training offered inclusive, culturally sensitive approaches to working with young people in a safe and containing way.\'94\
\'93The facilitators ensured that everyone\'92s learning needs were met. The structure of the workshops was flexible, and adjustments were made to suit the group\'92s pace and preferences. I felt listened to and supported throughout.\'94\
\'93I appreciated the emphasis on practical learning rather than just theory. Day 2\'92s presentation was especially inspiring, and I\'92ll be taking this learning into both my personal practice and wider clinical work.\'94\
\'93Both presenters were supportive, clear, and deeply knowledgeable. Their passion and expertise made the experience all the more enriching.\'94\
\'93The group size was ideal\'97intimate enough to feel comfortable sharing but large enough for diverse input. The structure was excellent, and the breakout rooms enabled more in-depth discussions.\'94\
\'93The course inspired me to use art materials throughout all eight phases of EMDR. I\'92ve gained confidence as an art therapist, and it was incredibly motivating to learn alongside fellow art therapists.\'94\
\'93As someone new to EMDR, I appreciated the clarity and depth of explanation. The course helped me see how to integrate both modalities effectively.\'94\
\'93Breakout rooms for practice with other art psychotherapists were invaluable. The combination of workshops and image-making offered a rich, experiential learning environment.\'94\
\'93Lee brought a wealth of experience and ease in presenting the material, showing how both modalities align beautifully with EMDR protocols. Chloe\'92s passion and communication skills were equally inspiring, especially in helping translate these ideas to clinical teams.\'94\
\'93Practicing in the \'91client\'92 role offered important insight into the client experience. It also highlighted the role of clinician self-care and managing vicarious trauma.\'94\
\'93Spreading the training over three half-days made it manageable and aligned well with work-life balance. It never felt overwhelming.\'94\
\'93Excellent training\'97I\'92ll definitely recommend it to colleagues. It would be fantastic to offer an adapted version for art therapists who aren\'92t yet qualified in EMDR.\'94\
\'93Both trainers acted as thoughtful mentors, generously sharing their clinical wisdom and ensuring that all voices were heard and respected.\'94\
\'93The training created a safe space where I felt confident to share ideas, ask questions, and explore the application of new techniques.\'94\
\'93Before this course, combining the two modalities felt daunting. Now I feel confident and well-informed to do so in clinical settings.\'94\
\'93This workshop helped me think creatively about using bilateral stimulation and resourcing within the AIP model. It shifted how I view my caseload and expanded my approach to integrating EMDR and art psychotherapy.\'94\
\'93The training showed how adaptable this dual model is\'97from online work to resourcing strategies. It supported both engagement and accessibility.\'94\
\'93My learning needs were fully met. The supportive structure encouraged questioning, reflection, and clinical growth in a non-judgmental environment.\'94\
\'93It helped me fully integrate art materials into all aspects of EMDR. I now see how this can support therapeutic relationships and improve client engagement, especially for children.\'94\
\'93Chloe and Lee were thoughtful, clear, and resourceful in how they combined these approaches. I felt comfortable bringing up difficult questions and sharing uncertainties.\'94\
\'93I enjoyed being in a reflective space that encouraged deeper thinking about what works\'97and what doesn\'92t\'97in our current practice. Being surrounded by art therapists really enriched the discussions.\'94\
\'93The reflection time and creative exercises were invaluable for processing and understanding the material on a personal level.\'94\
\'93This training gave me permission to combine art and EMDR from the beginning of therapy, which I\'92d previously struggled to do. It has inspired and re-energised my clinical practice.\'94\
\'93Lee and Chloe took a gentle but informed approach that made the training accessible, engaging, and highly impactful.\'94\
\'93I feel more confident and knowledgeable in my practice\'97and genuinely excited to integrate what I\'92ve learned.\'94\
\'93Using art as part of the training was incredibly meaningful. It allowed for non-verbal exploration and deepened my understanding.\'94\
\'93The training was inclusive and accessible. Lee was particularly mindful of diversity and made sure these values were reflected in the learning environment.\'94\
\'93Learning about the differential impact of trauma across identity groups helped me understand how to better support marginalised clients in my CAMHS work.\'94\
\'93Experiencing techniques like inner mentor resourcing and bilateral brushstrokes as a client was powerful and transformative. Thank you!\'94\
\'93Both Lee and Chloe were outstanding trainers\'97warm, intuitive, and skilled at holding space for learning and growth.\'94\
\'93Super inclusive. The breakout rooms encouraged participation and created a strong sense of community.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs24 \cf4 "The clarity of the presenters was excellent\'97everything was easy to follow and well explained."
\f3\b0 \

\f2\b "Doing the exercises myself was incredibly helpful. Incorporating art truly brought the learning to another level. Thank you!"
\f3\b0 \

\f2\b "The small group made for a very interactive and comfortable experience."
\f3\b0 \

\f2\b "I appreciated hearing the range of experiences in the group. It enriched the discussions and helped me reflect on my own practice."
\f3\b0 \

\f2\b "Loved that it was a small group\'97it created a safe and engaging learning space."
\f3\b0 \

\f2\b "Really great course\'97thank you so much!"
\f3\b0 \

\f2\b "Thanks\'97I really enjoyed the course!"
\f3\b0 \

\f2\b \'93It was very well facilitated and ideal as an introductory course. Thank you!"
\f3\b0 \

\f2\b "I really enjoyed all the content\'97it was extremely well presented. The presenters were approachable and created a great atmosphere."
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
}